deploy/README.md, before:

# Helm Charts for Merbridge

> Note that the files in `deploy` are auto generated by Helm

## Install Guide

If you want to install merbridge locally with Helm:

> Note that: excute these commands in root dir of merbridge

### Install Merbridge on Istio

+ set mode=istio to switch to Istio mode, default value is `istio`.
+ set namespace where merbridge is going to install by -n .

``` bash
helm install -n istio-system merbridge helm
```

After excuting this command, you will see that:

```
NAME: merbridge
LAST DEPLOYED: Mon Feb 21 01:37:40 2022
NAMESPACE: istio-system
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None
NOTES:
Welcome to Merbridge! For more details on Merbridge, see: https://github.com/merbridge/merbridge

The Merbridge [v0.4.0] has been installed in namespace [istio-system]. It will be ready soon.

(Helm: Chart=[merbridge], Release=[merbridge], Version=[v0.4.0])
```

### Install Merbridge on Linkerd

+ set mode=linkerd to switch to linkerd mode
+ set namespace where merbridge is going to install by -n .

``` bash
helm install -n linkerd --set mode=linkerd merbridge helm
```

### Uninstall

+ excute this command in the namespace where merbridge has been installed
+ or add -n to specific the namespace where merbridge has been installed

``` bash
helm uninstall merbridge
```

## Development

If you want to update yamls in deploy directory, please make changes into helm charts

After that, remember to update generated yamls in `deploy` directory.

``` bash
# update both istio and linkerd
make helm
# update istio deploy yaml
make helm-istio
# update linkerd deploy yaml
make helm-linkerd
# package helm charts
make helm-package
```

## TODO
- [ ] Provide Helm Repo Server to install Merbridge

Commit message:

feat: add support for kuma service mesh
- Updated make files to build helm chart and k8s deployment
  manifest with Kuma support
- Bumped helm chart to 0.5.0
- Kuma supports DNS redirection like Istio does, so I updated
  ebpf files which so far were only used for Istio, to also
  be compiled for Kuma
- As Kuma also supports dynamic reload, I updated hack/reload-prog.sh
  to be able to use it with Kuma
   - shebang has to be in the first line of the script, so I moved
     it there
   - as the shell code is definitelly written with bash in mind
     (i.e. usage of arrays), I changed shebang from `sh` to `bash`
- Updated all README.md files with kuma-related instructions and
  informations
- Added `scripts/install-kuma.sh` script which can be used
  to install kuma and wait till the deployment will be ready
- Modified github actions workflow to include e2e test for kuma

Signed-off-by: Bart Smykla <bartek@smykla.com>

deploy/README.md, after:

# Helm Charts for Merbridge

> Note that the files in `deploy` are auto generated by Helm

## Install Guide

If you want to install merbridge locally with Helm:

> Note that: excute these commands in root dir of merbridge

### Install Merbridge on Istio

+ set mode=istio to switch to Istio mode, default value is `istio`.
+ set namespace where merbridge is going to install by -n .

``` bash
helm install -n istio-system merbridge helm
```

After excuting this command, you will see that:

```
NAME: merbridge
LAST DEPLOYED: Mon Feb 21 01:37:40 2022
NAMESPACE: istio-system
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None
NOTES:
Welcome to Merbridge! For more details on Merbridge, see: https://github.com/merbridge/merbridge

The Merbridge [v0.4.0] has been installed in namespace [istio-system]. It will be ready soon.

(Helm: Chart=[merbridge], Release=[merbridge], Version=[v0.4.0])
```

### Install Merbridge on Linkerd

+ set mode=linkerd to switch to linkerd mode
+ set namespace where merbridge is going to install by -n .

``` bash
helm install -n linkerd --set mode=linkerd merbridge helm
```

### Install Merbridge on Kuma

+ set mode=kuma to switch to kuma mode
+ set namespace where merbridge is going to install by -n .

``` bash
helm install -n kuma-system --set mode=kuma merbridge helm
```

### Uninstall

+ excute this command in the namespace where merbridge has been installed
+ or add -n to specific the namespace where merbridge has been installed

``` bash
helm uninstall merbridge
```

## Development

If you want to update yamls in deploy directory, please make changes into helm charts

After that, remember to update generated yamls in `deploy` directory.

``` bash
# update both istio and linkerd
make helm
# update istio deploy yaml
make helm-istio
# update linkerd deploy yaml
make helm-linkerd
# update kuma deploy yaml
make helm-kuma
# package helm charts
make helm-package
```

## TODO
- [ ] Provide Helm Repo Server to install Merbridge
